chore(react): add deprecation notice to react page (#1502)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/developing/frameworks/react.mdx

import { Link } from 'gatsby';

> <InlineNotification>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineNotification kind="warning">
```

@annawen1 Do we want to try a different notification type?

@oliviaflory @RichKummer unless you guys wanna stick with this default `info` one.

Author: hmmm I think warning is good!

> **Note:** The Carbon for IBM.com React package will be deprecated in Carbon for IBM.com V2. This package will fall into maintaince-mode only; we will make updates only for potential security issues and high severity bugs. For an estimated timeline on the V2 release, you can view the Carbon for IBM.com [roadmap](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom#workspaces/carbon-for-ibmcom-5d449f3642eb1962336cbe52/roadmap). With Carbon for IBM.com V2, the Carbon for IBM.com Web Components package will be the main package moving forward. Applications using React can use the [react-wrapper](/developing/frameworks/web-components#react-wrapper) components supported by the the Carbon for IBM.com Web Components package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The Carbon for IBM.com React package will be deprecated in Carbon for IBM.com V2. This package will fall into maintaince-mode, with updates only for potential security issues and high severity bugs. For an estimated timeline on the V2 release, you can view the Carbon for IBM.com [roadmap](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom#workspaces/carbon-for-ibmcom-5d449f3642eb1962336cbe52/roadmap). In Carbon for IBM.com V2, [@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components) will be the main package moving forward. Applications using React can use the [react-wrapper](/developing/frameworks/web-components#react-wrapper) components supported by the the Carbon for IBM.com Web Components package.
```
